The general was defeated.
(Rolto Castle)
Only a small handful of men
remained in the Rolto Castle.
They easily surrendered.
We entered the castle unhindered.
(Episode 21: The Future of the Shadow)
It was indeed a long battle.
But at least we managed
to take Rolto Castle.
How are our soldiers doing?
Oh.
Those with serious injuries have been
sent back to their homelands to recover.
Those with less serious wounds
have been treated by field medics
and are recovering.
I see.
So we'll just have to wait for Lord Curran
to come back from Staatz Castle.
Hey.
This time my award
should be 10 gold coins
and 30 silver coins.
That's one less silver coin.
I'm sorry!
Perhaps I was so busy
that I erred in my calculations
after the battle ended!
Hey, hey, let's get serious.
I will certainly get my money back,
even if it is just a single copper coin!
I'll be more careful!
Right.
Mr. Fahm is so meticulous.
Oh right, Mr. Fahm.
For the next quest…
I would like you to inform
Lord Curran of our victory.
And you also need to investigate the current
battle situation at Staatz Castle.
Can you help us with that?
I've told you before…
No task is impossible for me.
But to sacrifice my vacation for work,
I need to get another bag as payment.
(As a Reincarnated Aristocrat, I'll Use
My Appraisal Skill to Rise in the World S2)
(A New Threat)
We are about to reach the location
where the supply unit is located.
Um…
I am not trying to be critical
of your methods, boss.
We are just merely employees
who are paid to do our jobs.
I think it could hurt that young master
if we put too much emotion into it.
I know what you're trying to say.
But Lamberg is now winning battle
after battle.
He's very generous.
- And I feel that he…
- Boss!
The situation of the camp…
Hmm…
(Curran Army, Supplies Storage Area)
Hurry! Get the supplies out of there!
Put it out!
Hurry up, or everything
will be burned down!
Hey!
W-Who are you?
I am a mercenary employed by
Lord Ars Louvent of Lamberg
to deliver a message.
What happened?
I-I see.
The enemy came out of nowhere
and burned our supplies.
We've received reports that all the other
supply units have also been attacked.
How much was lost?
We've most likely lost
more than half of both our supplies
and magic water.
It seems now is not the time
to go looking for Curran.
Send a message to Ars immediately!
(Staatz Castle)
(Belzud County Chief, Kanzes Bandol)
I think the ambush was a success.
Well done, Tomas.
(Tomas Grandione)
Pretty harsh.
Lord Curran is cautious of this,
that's why he's decentralizing
the storage.
But we destroyed most of it.
But this Staatz Castle
has tens of thousands
of soldiers stationed here
and is well fortified.
Wouldn't it have been better to not
destroy the magic water?
Lord Kanses.
Magic is the main factor in this battle.
Even a castle
in a strong position could fall.
Especially they have so much
explosive magic water.
I see.
However, we can take it easy for a while now.
After losing the magic water and supplies,
the war will turn into a war of attrition.
When winter arrives,
we will have the victory.
So all we have to do is wait?
No, Curran Army
is sure to hatch some kind of plan.
So we will strike the enemy's weak point
before he can put it into action.
We must firmly grasp victory.
Weak point?
It's Lord Curran himself.
Lord Curran himself?
I don't mean to praise the enemy,
but Lord Curran is a formidable man.
And that is his weak point.
Lord Curran ought to be
safe and sound in Semplar
while leaving the front lines
to his vassals.
But because he's so formidable,
he can't leave it to others,
that's why he personally takes
to the battlefield to command.
Looking at it another way,
this is our chance to defeat him.
That would be great.
But aren't his surroundings
firmly guarded?
Is it possible?
Leave it to me.
I lost to them once before.
And I'm so prideful that
I won't rest until they're
in their graves.
That's reassuring.
(Rolto Castle)
Lord Curran lost his supplies
and magic water?
Shadow said
the supply units stationed
three kilometers southwest
of Lord Curran's main army were attacked.
If they lose their supplies,
it could lead to a prolonged battle.
Even though Lord Curran
must also be very alert,
the ambush still worked.
Could it be…
My little brother Tomas
must be behind this.
The man we fought in Samuk Castle
who tried to make Selina
and her father blow themselves up.
Winter is coming,
so there's no way
they can fight for long, right?
We have to hurry and go help them.
I'll prepare the troops right away.
Now, now, calm down.
Anything else?
Yes.
Enemy's magic unit has been spotted
to bring a large catalyst to Mount Tohrai.
Mount Tohrai?
Lord Curran is there.
It should just be within viewing distance
from the main army.
Lord Curran can't use magic attacks
without magic water.
And the enemy uses its mage
that was planned for defense to attack…
Aren't they planning to attack with magic
from the mountain?
No.
It's too far away.
No offensive magic could reach.
That makes sense.
I think
that if this goes on, Curran will soon
prepare himself to die.
What do you mean?
Shadow should still be close
to that supply unit, right?
(Curran Army, Supplies Storage Area)
Tell them to hurry to base camp of Curran.
That's the message we received.
What?
They want us to save Curran?
That's a bit much, don't you think?
But at this rate,
Lord Curran's life is in danger!
Besides, is this true?
Next…
According to my prediction,
they will most likely
make it rain.
It didn't make sense they positioned
their precious mage in a place
they couldn't attack from.
But then I thought of something.
The spell that makes it rain
is called just "Rain."
It could be used to generate rain clouds
at a high point and make it rain
at Curran's camp.
After all, it's simple to gather
water manastones in Belzud.
Why would that threaten Lord Curran?
This is not normal rain.
It can summon torrential showers
in a small area in a short time.
The land where Curran is encamped
has poor roads
and the soil easily gets muddy,
so they'll be completely immobilized.
They will be in a terrible panic.
They won't be able to see anything
more than a few meters away.
Nor will they hear anything
thanks to the sound of the rain falling.
Isn't that perfect for an assassination?
It's really raining.
Just like that woman said.
No choice, let's hurry!
(Curran Army, Base Camp,
Commander's Quarter)
What awful rain.
(Ambush)
What now?
Looks like the cavalry unit has returned
from the frontlines.
No, it's the enemy!
Darn! An ambush!
How did the enemy make it into our camp?
This rain…
That's right, it's magic.
Is it Rain?
Are they planning to take my head?
I like your guts.
Everyone! To arms!
Drive them back!
Lord Curran! A single rider broke through!
Long time no see, Tomas.
Is my little brother doing well?
Lord Curran…
I will take your life!
Got it!
Men!
Curran is here! Kill him!
What now? It's pitch dark?
Can't see anything.
Is it the enemy's magic?
Stay calm, this is shadow magic.
Who are you?
Be quiet.
Ars hired me to save you.
We're running away, so come with me.
Ars sent you for support?
Yes.
It looks like Ars is also getting troops
ready to come here.
So Ars anticipated this ambush?
And this magic
is the shadow magic
that blocks the enemy's sight
by covering you in darkness.
On top of consuming precious manastones,
it even blocks the user's line of sight,
so I heard it was extremely tricky to use.
To think he found
such an excellent talent.
You guys, take this man and escape.
What about you, leader?
Seems I was noticed
and the enemy's on our tail.
I'll buy you some time.
Follow them! Don't let Curran get away!
Darn it!
Didn't expect to be thwarted
at the very last moment!
This is…
Your ambush failed.
Give up.
Shadow magic again?
But even though we can't see,
we can still detect you.
If we just focus on sound,
he won't catch us!
Attack him!
Yes, sir!
He completely erased
all traces of himself, huh?
But…
I'm the right-hand man of Basamark.
You'd better not look down on me.
Over there?
What a nimble one.
Lord Tomas, if this continues…
I know.
Curran has probably escaped.
Even if we catch up now,
we can't kill him.
Abort the plan! Retreat!
Seems I managed to hold him off somehow.
(Curran Army, Base Camp,
Commander's Quarter)
Listen up, everyone!
The enemy general has set out
from the castle to attack us.
This is our best chance.
We must attack Staatz Castle immediately!
Everyone, be prepared to deploy!
As expected of a top-notch general.
Usually people would need to
reorganize their troops, though.
Our job is done.
Let's go back and get the money.
Shadow.
Thank you for saving me.
I'd like to thank you.
Would these be enough?
Oh my, that's a lot.
I believe that your hard work
fully deserves these rewards.
In case this is not sufficient,
I would like to appoint you
as my direct reports.
Followers of the next
Duchy of Missian, huh?
In order to survive the impending mayhem,
I will most certainly require
a shadow unit such as yours.
Each day will be exciting, I promise.
It's fine.
I don't need a reward.
Are you dissatisfied with the amount?
It's not that.
Because you weren't
the employer this time.
It is that young master.
I am going to ask that young master
for a lot of money.
Because that's what the contract says.
I have been rejected.
Tell Ars that
thanks to him, I got my life back.
Also…
Shadow will probably ask him
for a hefty reward.
His proposal isn't bad.
Is it worth giving it more thought?
I have a wife and a kid!
Please, spare me!
That's irrelevant.
Sorry, but this is my job.
You devil!
It's you.
Take it.
Listen carefully.
You absolutely cannot share
my information…
Keeping the employer under wraps.
Because that's what the contract says.
Right.
If other people saw you,
it would be terrible.
Now get lost.
(Ars Army's Camp)
Thank you so much for all you did this time!
To add to his gratitude, Lord Curran
contacted me to express his appreciation.
Hmm…
And um…
He also said this time Mr. Fahm might ask
for a hefty reward.
Yeah.
Huh?
Mr. Fahm, your left arm…
This is…
Are you okay?
This is bad.
Did you properly disinfect it?
A lot of blood is coming out.
Have you got a new bandage?
Mr. Fahm?
We Shadow
have always lived a life
as members of the mercenary group.
All of us
are wanderers and criminals as well.
We live off
of dirty work, and we accept any job.
Even murder, we also do it.
Right.
Ars, are you scared of me?
Scared? What for?
I've never once thought you were scary.
Your work performance
always exceeds expectations.
And I can always count on you.
In your absence,
we would have already lost.
I'm really grateful to you!
But your award is a little high…
B-Boss is laughing out loud…
I see.
Then, why don't you pay me
by making me your vassal?
Huh?
W-What do you mean?
Exactly what I said.
All of Shadow would be
working directly for you.
Boss, what are you talking about?
When I bet, I always do it
before other people.
Making a bet when nobody is expecting
and win big.
He might not be much more
than a county chief for now,
but eventually,
this guy will be a great man,
greater than anyone in Summerforth Empire.
Also…
So?
Do we have a deal?
O-Of course!
It should be me inviting you to join me!
We don't mind if boss says so.
We look forward to working
with you, young master.
Thank you all.
Also…
You devil!
Now get lost.
When I'm together with him,
I feel like
I'm still a human.
Ars Louvent.
I hereby swear my loyalty to you.
Y-You don't have to go so far.
Thanks.
That's super reassuring to have you.
Let's keep getting along.
(Staatz Castle)
We couldn't kill Lord Curran.
But they lost their suppliers
and magic water.
All we have to do is hole up
inside the castle.
They'll run away
as soon as it snows.
This is so boring.
Hey, hey, there's a brat with a sad face.
Go drink some milk.
That's a large spear you've got, brat!
Think it makes you look cool?
Such a spear is wasted on you.
So I'll take it.
You idiot, that…
W-What's with this weight?
You better stop now.
Good grief.
This doesn't belong in
the hands of weaklings like you.
Have I not had many chances
to show off lately?
T-That's not true.
Not at all.
Shadow has joined us?
I guess my part's going to get lesser.
If that's the case, take this!
(Next Episode: Snowball Fight)
Next Episode: Snowball Fight.